This would be the first time
we've met face-to-face.
I'm Souma Kazuya,
provisional king.
Pleasure to finally meet you.
I'm Georg Carmine,
former general.
I wish to congratulate you
on your recent victory.
It's hard to talk this way.
Raise your head.
[SOUMA sighs]
How is life in the dungeon?
Since you asked,
surprisingly comfortable.
Quite peaceful down here.
[SOUMA]
Peaceful, huh?
That must be pretty convenient.
Aren't you going
to meet with Liscia?
[GEORG] Has the princess
anything to say to me?
So far, she's mentioned nothing.
[GEORG]
I see.
Then I can only repeat
what I said when she first
asked to come see me.
Why should you who's on
the cusp of becoming queen
show concern for an
enemy of the kingdom?!
You don't convince me.
But knowing
Liscia's personality,
she took your words seriously.
Whenever I'm around her,
she won't speak about you.
She's also thrown
herself into her work,
like she's trying
to distract herself.
While she's acting like
it doesn't bother her,
I know she's shaken up.
Following your ultimatum,
I proceeded to say my
farewells to the princess.
No further words were needed.
[SOUMA] He's refusing to
see Liscia to protect her.
Damn, the old man's stubborn.
[GEORG] But since you're
here, there's a question
I would like to ask.
Go ahead.
What has become of my
comrades who were just
obeying orders and
followed us into rebellion?
[SOUMA] The soldiers have
been cleared of any charges
of insurrection after
their exploits fighting
against Amidonia.
And House Vargas?
[SOUMA] The only ones I hold
responsible and will have to
answer for their crimes
are Castor and Carla.
The Vargas Duchy
has been abolished,
but the eldest son, Carl, is
carrying on the family name,
and he has been allowed
to inherit Red Dragon City.
Answer me, what fate will
befall Castor and Carla?
The two of them will be
tried by me, personally,
at a later date.
[GEORG]
And the nobility?
After being stripped
of their family names
and having their lands and
possessions confiscated,
they were executed.
The primary offenders
publicly so,
and those who were
implicated along with them,
in private.
That was wise of you.
[SOUMA] If they'd made
sure to sever all ties first
as you did, many
innocent relatives
wouldn't have experienced
a similar fate.
Per royal law,
traitors and their kin
up to the third degree
shall be executed.
Nothing you could have done.
Corruption, graft, collaboration
with Amidonia.
Crimes in their home.
Best to stamp out the entire
rotten family tree.
"Guilt by association" makes
the others accountable
for not stopping them
in the first place, right?
But isn't three degrees
a bit much?
There was no other choice.
Not only humans and
beastmen to consider,
but races with longer lives.
As a result, the scope of their
association grows ever wider.
Even so, too many innocent
people still end up dying!
I scrambled with Hakuya
till the last minute
and got the law revised
just in time to make it
two degrees.
We also managed to get a
stay of execution for anyone
13 and under and have
the children safely taken in
by orphanages or churches.
[GEORG] That was very
considerate of you.
I do wonder, does it pain
you to have to take
the lives of others, Your Grace?
How could it be easy
at all for me?
With a single order, countless
lives can be snuffed out!
I'm crushed by the weight
of that responsibility.
I was just an ordinary guy
up until half a year ago!
[GEORG] Liscia told me
about you in her letters.
I hope she forgives
betraying her confidence.
She praises your Grace
as a king among kings.
She supports you, body and soul.
Liscia's been instrumental
in helping me.
Hopefully she forgives me, too,
because I'm going to
have to make a decision
that will cause her grief.
The fact is...
...I am going to
have to kill you.
Your plan was spectacular--
Gather all the corrupt nobility
together in one place
and then scoop up their hidden
funds in one smooth action.
It was the best move
for the kingdom.
Problem is it's a plan that can
never be public knowledge.
[GEORG] I never assumed
that it would be disclosed.
I cannot imagine the
situation being embraced
if the families of the fallen
learned I was working
with the King behind the scenes.
[SOUMA]
And since no one can ever know,
you have to be
treated no differently
than the other corrupt noblemen.
I always knew how it would end.
You really are an idiot!
Do you know that?!
You knew all of this beforehand,
and that you'd literally be
taking this secret to the grave!
You stubborn fool!
Georg, is this really the only
way things could've played out?
I don't buy this is how you
wanted things to end.
Content having your name
tarnished and being locked up,
yes, in this cage, but also
in a suicide pact
with the nobles?
How can you just sit there
looking so composed?
[grunts]
If only we had worked together!
We could have purged
the corrupt noblemen
on our own terms!
The same goes for Castor!
He believed you had
something in mind
for the betterment
of the kingdom!
He was your friend,
loyal to the end,
and became a traitor
because of it!
I had plans for you
to help this nation!
We were going to do
great things together!
And no, it's not lost on me.
You solved several
problems in one swoop.
Yes, the kingdom has
become more open now,
and Hakuya's and my
stock have risen!
But what's the point
if it means losing you
in the process?
You should know how
damaging it is in the long run
to lose good people!
Tell me the truth, Georg!
Are you really content with
the direction this went?
Yes, of course.
For an ancient tree like me,
that is destined to only
grow older and continue
withering until death,
if a new sprout is able
to emerge from the roots,
I only pray that sapling
grows to be mighty in size.
[SOUMA] Even if, as a
result, that large tree
ends up falling to the ground?
[GEORG] One day, Your Majesty
will experience the joy
of seeing the next generation.
Of the strength they carry.
You may not understand,
but you will when you
and Liscia have a child.
[SOUMA sighs]
I want you to be honest.
Did you think up this
elaborate plan by yourself?
What is that supposed to mean?
You have a strangely high
opinion of me, is all.
You are leaving
a lot in my hands.
You trust me to
take care of Liscia,
whom you think of as a daughter.
Not to mention the
future of the kingdom.
Seems a bit odd no
matter how you cut it.
So where does this unwavering
loyalty come from?
[GEORG] If I told you I learned
of your extraordinary talent
from her letters,
would that leave
you dissatisfied?
You know my answer.
You expect me to believe
that's what makes you loyal?
If you were going
to martyr yourself,
it'd be for the
Elfrieden royal family.
Your entire plan-- was it
carried out under their orders?
[GEORG]
I remain silent.
[SOUMA]
You will answer me.
Stop playing games!
What do they--
what do you know, exactly?
You're not going to tell me
no matter what, are you?
[GEORG]
When the time finally arrives,
they will reveal the truth
to His Grace themselves.
[SOUMA]
A flask of poisoned wine.
If there's one thing I can't
bear, it's seeing a man
publicly executed who sacrificed
himself for his country.
[GEORG]
Thank you.
[SOUMA] I'll recommend the same
for those who would sacrifice
themselves for you.
[GEORG]
Huh?
Sacrifice themselves for me?
Several members of
senior staff in the army,
including your own
second-in-command, Beowulf.
They are requesting the same
sentence that you've received.
Loyal to the end.
Why are people so eager to die?
Highness. I have one
final request.
Take utmost care of
the princess for me.
You don't have to ask.
Liscia's my family now.
I will protect her.
No matter what the future
holds, she'll be safe.
That is one conviction I can
assure you will never change.
It's a relief to hear
you say that.
I'll be praying for
the glory of Elfrieden,
for you and Liscia's happiness,
even if it's from
beyond the grave.
I've said all. Farewell.
[SOUMA]
Georg is no longer with us.
I see.
[HAKUYA]
Much appreciated, Jeanne.
I mean it.
You even went out of
your way to send it
via gryphon cavalry.
[JEANNE] Using this,
the kingdom and the empire
can contact each other whenever.
Naturally, I put a rush on it.
Regarding the proposals,
my sister gladly agreed
to all of the ones we discussed.
I've never seen her
like this before.
She was quite pleased
after our talks.
[HAKUYA]
You mean, beyond the proposals?
My sister can share her
values with someone now.
More so, she's found someone
who understands her.
So have we.
[JEANNE] With all that's
happening, I'd like to arrange
a virtual conference
between King Souma
and my sister as
soon as possible.
[HAKUYA]
Yes, by all means.
[JEANNE] Not to change the
subject, but I can't help
noticing you're surrounded by a
mountain of books, Hakuya.
Oh, those.
They're the tomes Van
gave us as collateral
until all the
reparations are paid.
Before we return them,
there are a few things
we'd like to copy
from their pages.
Prior to our conversation,
I was in the process
of sorting through them.
Meaning you're going
through and organizing them
by yourself?
You have a real
passion for reading.
I just get lost thinking
about everything
I've learned from them.
So listen.
The imperial library needs
a good chief librarian.
Would you come to
our country for the job?
I have to confess, that idea
does sound rather appealing,
and if I weren't the
Prime Minister,
I'd leap at the chance
without hesitation.
[JEANNE]
I take it that's a no, then.
[HAKUYA] As of right now,
I'd like to continue helping
His Majesty usher
in this new era.
Afterwards, when one of
his heirs takes the throne,
I'd like to retire, and become
a historian chronicling
this age.
[JEANNE]
That sounds comfortable.
Given the times, one could
consider it to be a luxury.
[HAKUYA]
You may be right.
Stepping down,
living a quiet life--
it might be too much to ask for.
I can't believe it's
already this hour.
Whenever we converse,
it feels like only
a moment has passed, Hakuya.
I feel the same way,
but I never regret the time
we get to spend talking.
[MYSTERIOUS MAN]
Prime Minister Hakuya.
How is it coming?
[MYSTERIOUS MAN] Everything
is going well. However...
Recently, it's as if things
are moving forward
a little too smoothly.
Almost like there is
a force at work here,
an entity that is guiding
events from the shadows.
[HAKUYA]
As if it's someone else's will.
Nothing in this one, either.
Maybe that really
was the only book
mentioning the Amidonian
Royal Family tree.
What a shame.
[laughs]
A drawing of a bronze racoon.
Such personality.
There is no shortage of
talent among Amidonia.
Truly.
Protest as much as you want,
you simply cannot go out yet.
Now stop that.
Do you have eyes in the back
of your head or something?
Because if you did, we would
be safe leaving this room.
Look. I don't wish to use
your words against you,
but you said we needed
to lay low until things
in Van settle down.
Obviously, I'm right,
it's just so boring
being cooped up inside here!
[COLBERT] If you're looking
for something to do,
please start thinking
about Amidonia's future.
[ROROA] When you talk about
where it goes from here,
I suppose that includes picking
my future husband, huh?
[ROROA chuckling]
[COLBERT] Whoever ends up
taking Princess Roroa's hand
in marriage has my
deepest sympathies.
[MARX]
May I present, Glaive Magna!
Your loyalty to the
kingdom has been truly
remarkable and unwavering.
And as a reward for your
service to Elfrieden,
you are hereby granted Randel
and the surrounding territory.
[GLAIVE]
Sire! You are much too generous!
[MARX] Furthermore, you are
provisionally granted
a portion of the authority
held by Army General
Georg Carmine.
You are to maintain
the troops until they are
reorganized into the
kingdom's defense force.
[GLAIVE]
Yes, sire.
I shall endeavor to live up to
His Majesty's expectations.
I am honored.
Moving along.
Aisha Udgard!
Who? Not me?
Aisha Udgard, for your
service, you are formally--
Sire?
Aisha.
You are hereby granted the rank
of the King's Personal Guardian.
Yes, sire.
Wodan Udgard, from the
God-Protected Forest.
Even as you were dealing
with the disaster recovery,
you were good enough
to dispatch reinforcements.
Not at all.
We dark elves wished
to repay your kindness.
It was the least we could do.
I'd still like to show
appreciation for the troops
you sent.
If there's anything you desire,
all you have to do is ask.
In that case,
I have one request
of Your Majesty.
[SOUMA]
Hm?
Sire, would you accept my
daughter's hand in marriage?
[SOUMA]
Wha--
Father, please!
My word!
[WODAN] King Souma, would
you take her to be your wife?
Well, it's quite
a simple matter.
Give the word and Aisha
will take on the role
as your second queen.
Uh, let's slow down here a sec.
Are you sure her marrying
me is something you want?
As her father,
my feelings are complicated.
However, it may be her wish.
[SOUMA]
Aisha is great.
If it's a question of asking
myself whether I'd want her
as a wife or not,
I would, but...
Souma, stop wasting
time and just say yes.
Huh? You're all right
with this, Liscia?
It's all part of being a ruler.
There will be times where
you may have to marry
the daughters of aristocrats
or foreign princesses
to strengthen bonds
between different nations.
When that happens,
I'd prefer if the higher-ranked
queens were people I know
well and we can trust.
Yeah, okay, but still.
How is it that you can
make tough decisions
when the kingdom is on the line,
but you're so indecisive
when it comes to women?
I'll handle this.
Hey, Aisha!
[AISHA]
What? Yes?
I have no intention of giving
up the throne as first queen.
Can you live with being second?
If so, then I have no objection.
In fact, I welcome you.
I agree!
As long as it means
being at the King's side!
Right, so, um...
Aisha, would you
like to marry me?
Of course! The answer's yes!
[OFFICIALS clapping]
[MARX]
Presenting Juna Doma!
Because of your achievements--
Your Majesty, I beg of you.
[EXCEL]
May I have a moment, please?
I ask you to forgive
my sudden outburst.
Permission to speak freely,
Your Majesty?
[SOUMA]
Permission granted.
Thank you for
granting me the floor.
Let me start by saying, yes,
Juna is my granddaughter.
However, Juna's father is
the son-in-law of the Domas,
a merchant family
from Lagoon City.
In short, not nobility.
As such, Juna is of
commoner lineage.
I'm not sure I'm following.
Listen, it's clear you're
using your position
to save Castor and his daughter.
But I have to, Grandmother!
You have no involvement
with House Vargas
or their affairs and mustn't
use your achievements
for people you've never met.
Do not plead for the life
of Castor and his daughter.
If I don't, they'll be--
Your Majesty.
I have a proposition.
What is it?
I-If at all possible,
my sole desire
is to join Princess
Liscia and Aisha,
and to sing henceforth
at Your Majesty's side.
[SOUMA]
Huh?
[SOUMA] Don't tell me,
she's talking about asking for
my hand, too?
How fortunate!
By making Juna Doma
your consort--
I can't, and I'm sorry,
but it's just impossible.
At least, for the time being.
You are the Gemstone
program's Prima Lorelei,
immensely popular
with the people.
What would happen
if it were announced
you were engaged?
Violence would break
out across the capital.
[OFFICIALS]
Ah.
That's why I'm asking
you wait a while.
The program, it still needs
its Prima Lorelei Juna.
For now, continue being
the people's songstress.
I'm asking you as
a personal favor.
You believe I'm the
voice of the people?
After we've brought
in more singers,
and we have others who can
carry on the tradition, then...
...I promise.
I will take your hand.
I'll eagerly be awaiting
that day, Your Majesty.
[NOBLEMAN A] This hero king has
certainly built up momentum.
We have no choice but
to do as he demands,
for now, lest we
get caught up in it.
[NOBLEMAN B] We'll operate
in the shadows, even as we
obey his orders.
[NOBLEMAN A] Together,
we will keep a low profile,
so as not to get caught,
while controlling this country
from behind the scenes.
[NOBLEMEN laugh]